I see working
lightning osaka japan june 28 seven in the morning
that's right for you in brazil june 27th at 7 pm and good night instead of
good morning well our pond today will be quite fast in currencies the
activities start shortly here in osaka deal with the world bank the forum
because I know the mercosul brics dodo and so many things here we go to the left
quito do not know our general is a head of the gef who accompanies us all
trips we travel through brazil on my right here is a new colleague is the
itamaraty the executive secretary of itamaraty will help some things
with the best understanding on the part of everyone the purpose of our trip here as well
so while it heats up quickly caged right
the job register job in brazil in may announced another 32 thousand portfolio
signed is put like this is little but it is better than we lost or we have no more
then this new economy is not going well I recognize it has a
problem and this goes through pension reform largely to the situation
of our economy and how it is being talked about by the government at the congress
next week and voice and vote on the special committee and so everything
indicates that he approves the text shortly after the following week
go to plenary and maybe we will return at least the first round before the
parliamentary recess
rodrigo alvim colombia our leadership joyce raul up a young game
among so many others have been working on this collection, right
wolf also minister of the government secretariat general ham already begins to
working in this direction also expects everything to calm down
and we put votes there so that other fouls and immediately come if
to be present in those two houses that are so interesting in their work for
all of us Brazilians as for example the project is not a crime
driver's license commission among so many others
I regret to inform you that the provisional measure dealing with the
contribution is union, that is, we had just finished
union contribution ended in the following way right
discount on payroll who wanted to pay the ticket and could continue to pay without
no problem then maneuvers are there for those who are interested and the measure
then the parties did not receive a list of members
so when will it be voted and tomorrow will receive the automatic feature of the
workers this gives approximately 3 billion per
year in the hands of brazil despite the good nominees others we know what will
do with money to picket a strike that has property to do
barroso disturb those who produce brazil do not recognize some points of caxias
time or another to another considerable part, but to prevent Brazil from going to
ahead, this decision on the part of
some leaders and act that way at least it wasn’t cro cro mp for
plenary vote, I will let it expire due to lack of
members' regrets regret I have in my opinion is because this
so
parents that we see there to solve this serious problem will now have to face,
correction of the pension reform very soon they will meet with the
oci general secretary is then also the president of the world bank
it's one thing to say that the g20 is an opportunity not only to see the meeting
of the g20 members is today the main agent has been in japan to clean up these
parallel meetings will not only try to meet with the president of the
general director of you give brazil is in this process of getting closer and
adherence to senai and senar is an institution that brings a series of
international standards and norms in the conduct of governance in the economy that
it happens like in Brazil the best world standards, right?
we called the idea of ​​a rich countries fund today is no longer like that to the chorus of
countries committed to responsible development with a
solid economy so it's an opportunity for us too
we will disclose we have forms in brazil and the investment opportunities
when we are united I made this request adopting and he ready
agreed with our entry but it depends on your members of the penalty
benjamin natanhahu the same thing israel we had the first chile also the
same thing and in such a way that a feeling of ours for which we have neither information nor
it is against us entering six countries I am not mistaken and that wanting to enter the
series a and the decision is from that select group that we want to enter
we also have one of the g 20 today exact video is going to strive spoke one thing
we will hear a lot of tiring things and remember the speech
in addition to marketing actions so that they can help represent the
Brazil in this situation but now not remembering that the g20 is a group of 20
countries account for 90% of world GDP in 80 per cent in world trade and the
brazil is a founding member of the g20 and latin america only argentina brazil and
mexico - a smell is as a guest this friday the game is just remember too
that we besides the g20 we have a meeting of the brics want 11 a meeting
emerging countries in the case brazil russia china india and south africa will
have an important meeting here because brazil will host aaa great meeting
of the brics at the end of the year so it is important to put some
subjects the brics is an entity was created
exactly bringing countries together and a lot of meaning in the world and she and the brics is
very important a political thing and to clarify why last night of
trip I was asked a lot by some
journalists who needed help writing this is already sold out for
talk to the journalist and one of the things I said was distorted from
profitably asked if that fact that happened
in brazil about drugs having influenced the no g20 and i said look of course it is
unlucky that this happened at the time of a meeting at
importance of the g20 and that this has occupied a large part of the press 0
they twisted that fact they twisted a very cowardly way and said that I had
said the military had had bad luck i'll say such nonsense
what I meant is that the date was bad because an event of the greatest coincidence
this is the only thing I wanted to clarify because it is impressive the
ability of some of our journalists to want to create a bad environment for the
country at an overseas event
on the day before our trip, it’s already very clear when you have a
trip of these is a schedule several actors cent to negotiate our trip
and they had decided that we would leave not on Tuesday but on Monday
from brazil and return and not sunday we will send on sunday after lunch the
decision was my final I didn’t leave the day after I arrived
from before this also reflects the economy is really an overnight stay we have a
entourage that is great right in something else when we arrived yesterday
what was the decision she understands but this issue is the case of her here who traveled
today to the whole world with the professional itamaraty the guidance of his team
here when we arrived around two and
mid-afternoon in japan is that we but everyone is tired but it wasn’t
sleep because he went to sleep for 19 and 20 hours that would be seven in the morning today and
tomorrow in brazil for us is exactly the next day
no it's not sleepless at night to be rested a little bit the next day
so his intention was for us to go for a walk that in osaka and
we went here in a gallery between then it takes about an hour and a half or so
well what the brazilian newspaper said we came to Japan to walk the alleged
for the same day and a half and we would pass but at the aquino here in japan
tool because what are you doing that is serious thing that moves millions of
people in brazil brazil being well with others
countries opening their markets as is the pole i guess lowering taxes opening the
book market is good for everyone has another way to get a job
who wants a job is not me i just want a job when when the
people open a public competition or create a position in a commission where employment is the
private initiative is the baker who is also an agriculturalist is the
merchant is the liberal one just me our job does not hinder anyone
want to produce does not hinder goes through measures will do
here we created here after partnerships is to count on the 20 most powerful in the
world 90 economist thing here to help brazil in its transactions
this is what we are doing here, joseph will end the matter here is so
criticized during the campaign I talked so much about men
so in japan and i said that here in japan there was even a web application for
jewelery then touching little invoice
we buy here have to be calm afterwards in the new factory there that he goes or
exceed the limit here I will have to pay the difference here failed
pay it I leave it there let the fame have a problem here look
we have a little cord here, right and blue because the blue has several colors
according to the land of the personal niobium makes the obvious right
the advantage of this here in relation to gold and nobody has an alert reaction
there is an obvious some have gold my mother put a white one on the ear of
girl to girl and there is a reaction and this doesn’t have now you know how much I said in
tour thousand dollars more or less 4 thousand reais that of gold
I think it varies by weight, maybe worth three thousand reais in Brazil
so look at jewelry in quotes, right, niobium being produced and sold here
in japan still notice released around the world more at the price a little bit above
from the same to the case it was gold, there are people who get old when I
criticizing when I talk about buses the applications are many young people here
just here the jewelery now a little something here too
the work is so that the Bahian woman is not entirely on behalf of the woman 150 doses
more or less 600 150 instead 4 606
there are two there are two here is the expense here with the password of the gafi the woman then 150
times 300 dollars 232 thousand two hundred reais of 600 reais each piece
another advisor bought here and a June pendant also 20 years old always
put a mac man phone in that tank 150 doses more or less 600
real no no I'm not doing so well on Saturday 4
so 600 reais in Catalan now that seems to have passed into the hands of the Japanese
was one of the last actions of its minister of mines and energy and has a
six-sided margin you know there a year I can only talk here
I talked about the detail is that you came here with our hotel here in partnership with us
he stayed here on a commercial scale, it’s like a hobby that he does
what he does other things is concerned with and now produce a collider
linear hospitalization of obvious tell you but Brazil is a very rich country
I'm not going to talk about graphene, it's not cool in Brazil, a very rich country has
everything to work out depends on our union and deputies and senators agent of the
public prosecutors and the judiciary of the union everyone pointing out the same
direction we have 50 we have the world has no more problems
here when I saw the deal of 6
is the environment environmental preservation nobody will tape the new president
already moved does not represent Brazil and period who wants to argue with me
know about the environment are to talk to discuss is the country that most preserves the
environment in the world and the one that least uses pesticides products that have a staff
that whenever the girl in agriculture arrives at the regional
rural producers abuse is not notorious if abused if the world here where I’m not
bought the products do things is not discussed there is a lot
Brazil that uses less botox is one of the countries with the highest productivity in the
world and competes with the united states and many products right from the personal field
our passage here and if god wants it will be all right said the attendant
yesterday's ride was very productive in time to publicize the presence of the
Brazilian president here at g 20 a lot of people approached the president
even a lot maybe without knowing it was when they knew it was for example the
Brazil had an extremely affectionate treatment, very well liked in the
japan we have a huge colony that about 200,000 brazilian this was very
important what the president had an almost unanimous vote in japan so
this stroll among stars was sent here so she will find power instituted
The wait is 30 hours of travel, which was very good as advertising for Brazil.
that recognized Japanese bolt takes about one hundred 1964 photos two of the sidewalk that
quickly shows the affection that the Japanese people have towards us I met with
some Brazilians and the black night also hit that it was a steakhouse of
Brazilians here now look at a Brazilian steakhouse where the house
where the campaign in case brazil doesn’t enter here we’re going to work hard
working here I don't want to blame anyone in the past but in the past when the
concern since he holds the presidency is who is who is who
dedicated the beginning of the foreign relations shared of calm to
that we value itamaraty is there someone trained with you and that the
accompany people like you do not have aliens in itamaraty the defense has a
general in health has a doctor in the court and the judge where one more in the middle
this year ricardo salles is right that's how it is not that we
we do and the meat correction here talk I think the night was breakfast
morning is because it was not adapted to it so how does xuxa imagine you eating
barbecue seven in the morning wouldn’t work right I don’t know how many work right now
yes we will work so that our cani comes here to japan is not this is
important that I still don't think the Brazilian wants to show that the consumption of
Brazilian chicken meat pork here are very high
now very high consumption now meat consumption
we are going to work in this direction, there is no reason why brazil doesn’t export meat
with japan there is going to be a job i know what is existing is the tractor and it will
there will probably be a blow to the head in a violent hit right not the week
had a problem for the hospital from where the girls so command more as well
an excellent beauty of the 31-year-old woman in the family
let's go to work let's disclose something that matters to our country let's go
taking a hit that I have any business is a hit but you know it will
be until the end of our mandate and pledged to take brazil from samsung
brazil cup now but i wanted to highlight presidents allows the
potential of japan's cooperation is a great technological power is also
a small country that complement each other in brazil a giant in capturing the third
with number 106 in the world abundant capital brazil needs
investments and that an elementary age of the two countries have a great future
have a lot to work here in the country we have the biggest mush the biggest colony
Japanese now outside Japan this also allows me to remember that
now in brussels is negotiating a trade liberalization agreement with
european union catherine ashton ana cristina palau minister najib balala
a ministry secretary like no professional technical staff working
with us that came from a concrete mixer came to use the famous for us more
we are going to face big so much in note we here the strokes keeps has come is
a demonstration that we're right my social today's episode is
a joke, right? answered who will pay the staff?
the open investigation and he all collaboration with the spanish police
that thanked the Spanish government here publicly for having detained the element and
did not stop the crew imagine i believe it would be a total
of 178 people over 10 that other part of the crew is that
would catch me will really serve this other military was arrested is the plane that
it even takes the population to replace the people but in any case
way if there were grandchildren in a fault of ours then our plane is with
everyone is searched and even mine my trip is searched and never
I was told this gift could be revised I already know that it is for those
is with the signal no problem has it is and we trust that between
we on this mission regret that element there
that from what everything looks like from what everything seems for some time involved in this
that nobody on a first trip will mount 39 kilos of narcotics and
we will investigate this element entered there at levels similar to the last two
governments that pass and extended to the federal police to our intelligence
the Spanish police will arrive and in those that really matter to
that this element here in Brazil for 30 years in jail as a heinous crime he
will meet the 20 to be able to require progression if you stay here I think the
time don't miss spain i don't know but if you stay here complication said
if it were in indonesia there in indonesia the death penalty as in the past i have
a drug dealer in bringing the prisoner and kept the promise I don't remember was the
dilma squid asked that squid is coming back to Brazil he didn't have liquor and I went and went
executed as a result of indonesia a 100% safe country because it made
going down there pays even when you talk about drug dealers, you know, and there were 30 -
families are destroyed with this quality at the time
made you want to get married it was bad luck on the first trip our bad luck in
other alloys will in the new 1st créu [Laughter]
it's good people are already getting used to it if they touch it
thank you guys until until next Thursday if god wants and above
everything